hey this mr. crayfish and I'm done a
video about two weeks i think i should
be doing more but today i am going to
show you three simple piston inventions
the probe were already been invented but
i'm just going to show you what I've
made up kinda by myself so yeah this one
first one is a piston door I say yeah
two and just opens and closes and go to
the other side and you can do either
side I'll show you the guts of this
thing are you near the redstone repeater
that controls both of them then you
won't invert it so it's on and then you
put your saw flying wire here this is
the white line 21 other sides of the
buttons this goes up here that's the
line for the other button then it's
practically the same on the other side
inverter again and yeah like trolls very
for them and then when you hit this
button house and turns in dryer off
turning off the Pistons which make it go
inside pretty simple so yeah that's the
piston door next one I have is these
stairs um you can use either for hiding
our chests or you could just use it say
this I gave all the best love to show
you get a hidden chest yeah that's like
that and you hit the switch and it comes
out this chest on here or you could have
it like there's no chest here and you're
like oh how'd I get up here and you
could hide the switch to get up there or
something like that and you'll be like
they found the switch now you can go up
and yeah that's a
simple let's have a look at the guts of
this one all you need to do is just put
redstone repeaters and then there's the
red stone behind it and that's really
the compact is most compact you can get
with this which is good until their
piston stairs pretty good um invention
this is really simple I don't I don't
even why I did it but I know how to know
to call it I just pull think thingy
refill I don't know could be a water
slide I guess you can make a water slide
like this but yeah just hit this switch
and it turns off the water and you hit
Afghan and it turns it back on so yeah
that's just simple water control 360 you
can do as a water slide I guess if you
want it to do that and say oh wolf Oh
mmm it okay hey wait 830 a calm down
come over here
woke up yeah I got him yeah oh yeah
better than wolves mod just saying no
one can get in so yeah the way I'm going
off-topic yeah 3 simple kissin
inventions water control stairs and a
door so yeah nothing really has to say
just showing off my legends hope you
guys enjoyed place on it up yeah I'm
signing out mr. crayfish yep so you guys